hot coming in efficient I'm coming in
hot today I'm ready I have a to-do list
so first
off yeah
okay okay so the first thing we just
need to reprint is um when we go to
here um
right so hold on I'm not connected to
the internet is that
true okay so we we miscalculated so if I
go to the ball shooter and I go to the
assembly
um I was being really dumb because
I hold
on oh wait no I didn't want to open up
the assembly I wanted to open
up
this I don't really know what I'm doing
here what is out of date about
this okay well in any case we activate
top plate and we see
this now the hilarious thing I should
have known because this wasn't mirrored
but this is 85 apart
but then
this this is 69 so we need 85 +
69 so when we go to this and we go to
this
parameter
uh this is going to
be
85 + 69
over two
77 okay so now it seems a little shorter
together but now we need to
adjust
um so the distance between here and here
is
18 and
between is 23 three so we need this so
it's going to
be so you have what was it I forgot the
number wait 85
Plus 154 dude I need a I lost my paper I
don't know where my paper
is whoa what is this invalid number
input
anyways
um so when we go to yeah PL
from this this is the thing that we need
to now make a formula and it's going to
be
um so half of this
distance yeah is going to be uh so hold
on yeah so let's just do this uh it 85 +
69 over
2 and then this that is the distance
from the center to the very
edge that's 77 I'm pretty sure we want
to subtract off like
23 and that's just a coincidence with
this and then we want to also subtract
off maybe
be 10
more
44 because now the distance from here to
here is like eight which is good because
that or which means that this to this is
three which is like kind of a nice
amount of
clearance so yeah it's kind of sucks
that we messed that that up but let's
just so flywheels of
70 yeah okay so just save it and print
it because
um so but so oh yeah I got to show off
this really cool thing that I did okay
so I've been using Fusion scripts for
basically everything
so uh well not for everything but like
for a lot of stuff so I made this export
prams to Json
thing okay and now I just go to this and
um I'm pretty sure it just overwrites it
so now if I go here import prams for
Json and I go into here and it's going
to be this
one it made it smaller so now this is
7.77 5 which is
perfect uh
so now we can just export both of these
again and print
them unfortunately these it's takes so
long to print stuff that's the that's
the worst thing is that you have to wait
but we have a lot of other stuff to do
but
so
2v2
2v2 okay so now this needs to be and
then we need to do this arrange Auto
then we need to go to oh yeah we need to
switch
this this is the this is so annoying I
just need to take out this abs
cuz it's so wait can we just use up my
red actually I just want to use up my
red okay so now we need to go to
Global support is
enabled it's going to do it like
this but I don't really like
well why don't we try it this way let's
see how long it is it's probably going
to be longer though because of all of
the
supports 339 look at that huge block of
support
a whatever that's how it recommends it I
think that the problem that I really
didn't like was that honestly it wasn't
that bad but the supports on the
underside of this when you flip it over
cuz if we do this we go back to here and
we do lay on face of
this okay that's good and we reslice
it now we
get 20 minutes
faster and this was
120 so if
we 120
g and then this is one 40
G
um it also I don't know how hard it's
going to be to get this off of here
we're going to try it I I I'd like to
try it this
way so yeah so this is uh the pla in
A2 that might be the
actually I think that this is the one
that I want okay so let's just send it
okay so nice we can check off
one okay so now uh oh I I'll probably
need to go solder something
because what was this thing about uh
um
uh what is ndi dude I do not understand
what this actually
is Network device interface is a
software
specification it enables High dep video
to be transmitted over a computer
computer network with low latency and
high
quality oh by the way I got a oh I got a
Raspberry Pi and I got the pie cam
working pretty nice the problem is OBS
does not
compile to AR Arch yet so that's kind of
annoying
but whatever um I need a pee uh I guess
yeah I'm going to solder so okay so last
night I burned two of the magnetic
encoders
because uh let me just see if I can
show okay so out of an electronic speed
controller there's two cables that go to
a power supply three cables that come
out and then three cables that go to the
receiver now the receiver on a drone
because these are drone Motors needs
power also uh however my Pico is already
powered uh by my USB um and
so I plugged in the 5 volts in ground
to
um my breadboard but then 5 volts going
to the magnetic encoder it was just too
much I guess the only thing I really
need is this white going to a digital
pin so and the thing is last night it
was so stupid I saw three cables and I
was like wait how where did the other
two go it's like you didn't I didn't
need them so I figured out yesterday but
whatever
I
for for
okay by
boy so we need to I want to read this
actually actually that's a good question
so can I just look this
up dual PC no capture card that lowkey
sounds like what I want easiest 2 PC
stream set oh my god dude this would be
hype
what's OBS
teleport open Indy like imp oh that's
sick for an open ndi like replacement no
ndi compat see that's great who is this
guy dude I love OBS
developers but it's funny CU they never
even like stream they just work on
streaming [__]
what the hell this is his
website okay that's
sick what a hype guy so it's written in
go it's written in go how did he manage
that there must be good interrupt with
C++ or
something an OBS Studio plugin for an
open ndi like replacement
so wait let's watch some
videos so first this
s
[Laughter]
bro wait okay it's pretty clear that I
want to use this uh teleport
thing this looks like a good
video like shild and with if you're that
make sure hit that subcribe button so
you don't miss most
videos that
were so the first thing I check Tel was
theie that
[Music]
specifically oh it has an
installer you see it right there if tool
that's how know here I forgot to mention
that before you would teleport you need
to go your video settings in OBS and set
the transmission there so T to be 60
that would be the second box the first
one is your base canvas whatever your
resoltion is or whatever base can you
want it to be put that second box there
and the frames per second that's what's
going to get sent to the second computer
and that's what you're going to want to
basically set the second computer to uh
stream to Twitch or YouTube or whatever
but make sure you set this part up first
to where you want to stream at and then
you're going teleport now to enable
teleport let's go ahead and start that
press teleport an identifier that's
namec gaming PC and then rest of quality
is something you want to play with I
like around
are G and should just fine so just start
at streaming PC so here we are at the
desktop of the streaming PC this is the
second PC that we have in your set up go
ahead and steps to OBS plug which I've
already so this is the main
wow bro that is freaking
hype dude that is so
dude he knows all those settings that's
insane yo OBS teleport sounds awesome
okay we're going to do that
later
um I would love to get that to work that
would be so
sick
um okay so I'm just going to go solder
the magnetic
encoders and then we're going to mount
them to the bottom of this thing
okay so then I'll take it apart
so all I need is my wire unfortunately I
don't have OBS teleport set up so um
wait but which one do I want to be the
master I want this laptop to be the
master so then what I would
do I'd have to walk over
there turn turn on the PC open up
OBS and what did he
do oh I closed the tab but I I don't
know if he I don't think he clicks start
streaming I think he just made sure that
it was enabled so now it's
like going and then I'd have to walk
back out here change the scene to be the
teleport scene but I could probably do
that remotely with a websocket
thing like I never set up OBS blade I
think I have OBS
blade is there a password I don't think
so could not find it
uh yeah let's
uh oh wait there's a QR
could not connect to a web
socket hold on let me me go try it again
why isn't it
working oh wait
nice that's so sick so then I would just
have a scene should I try this dude I
I'll try okay I'll try it after but OBS
teleport seems
sweet
um this is so cool OBS blade man first
time I'm actually using it
okay enough Lolly gagging though
okay I'll be
back
for
for for
okay finally
two the magnetic encoders with a big
long wires sticking out of
them that's just a gous
okay that's a little better so
now oh yeah and then
whatever that's not going to short okay
so now we need our
breadboard and the first thing we're
going to
do is we're going to take
apart
flywheel
um see this doesn't work
whatever
uh
okay we're going to take this apart
after we're just going to hook this up
so 3
volts
ground then pin I forget data I think is
on six and clock is on
seven let's look up the pin out though
just to be
sure data 6 and clock is 7 okay that's
good uh let's uh get
my okay and then we can uh
take this
all right so now the Pico is connected
so now we just need to go and
run
um this
code oh wait did I disable it is thw
open okay wait let's just run this
okay so it's getting things so now we
that's great now we can
disassemble
this which means oh did I bring the
vice okay
okay now this
one okay do we actually need to we don't
actually need to do
that so I'm just going to
yeah
yeah okay what we need though is a allen
wrench we just need to take these guys
off for
okay now on this side
oh this one was loose
man I feel like with so much
vibration it's very easy to get this
stuff to come loose when it's
so it's also possible I just didn't
tighten it down really
okay so now this is taken apart so now
that we have one of these we're going to
run that code
again we're just going to see if it
picks up a
reading it's run
right okay cool so that's getting a
reading uh so now yeah we are going to
need to cut these things off or at least
bend them down so that they're lower
than
the profile of the bolt or the nut
that's going to
go okay I think that should be good so
now
we need to
take this off cuz this one's definitely
fried uh where's my allen
wrench Alan Alan can you hear me where
are you there we go okay
okay okay so this one's
bad uh so now what we want to do
is we need to take this
out and we need to feed it through so we
need to take these cables and feed them
down down
under down
under and then needs to
go like
that
okay so now we need to put
this here
and then this actually doesn't need to
be all that
strong the main thing is that it just
needs to be pulled down enough but it's
like I don't know realistically well who
knows I feel like all bets are kind of
off cuz I've never dealt with something
that vibrates this much like it really
is going to knock things loose
let's tighten
it just fully turning in
there I love these Vice pliers these
things are
great why is this raay
maybe that's
enough okay well let's put another one
in push it
down flip it we flip it we flip it
okay [__]
oh is it on there yeah
okay so now I'm going
to need like a half turn
more okay so I
take my
vice my vice pliers and now now that
that's locked in place I can tighten
this to my heart's
content and it will pull it
close to
the
great okay shouldn't be a problem so now
we want to install the second one
I want to make sure I do it in the same
way
[Music]
so hold on oh maybe we want to cut off
some of
these these ones aren't so bad
actually
okay okay VCC an out or like that now we
need
more M3 by I think it was
16 and M3
nuts I need two of these wait is that
right no no no no these
are they're probably m8s M3 by M3
by8 the 16 is for the uh the other thing
okay so wait is it eight or
12 oops pull this
[Music]
through oh yeah no this is definitely
right it's definitely eight
dang it's so easy to like
overshoot I don't actually understand
how these are oh there's just a really
strong spring in there
okay want this to be
back for
that should be good
enough okay so now we just Vice that
[__] up
turn it
over tighten it in
place
okay so now we have both of these
encoders now we need to remount
these know I want to check one of these
yeah one of these fell
out oh I need the
screwdriver all right and Hest see I
could go for a slightly bigger
screwdriver
okay they all seem tight
so
now this is going to go like this
okay I need more
nuts n MN need more
nuts squirrel mentality be like n m n
n n
MN not M&M n
MN mnn wait MN n
MN n
MN need more nuts
bro then here we're going to want to do
the same thing with the vice and this
one we actually care about being really
tight on there
because if this Falls loose this whole
motor is going to fly off of this thing
so let's get the vice
clamp down on
there and then where's our Allen oh yeah
and this one's kind of
annoying cuz you have to do the you
don't have a
full that's
okay okay that's really on there it's
not going anywhere for a
while
whoa where did it
go
for
e for
okay so we're still tightening this nut
here okay that's
good all right so wait so before I go
any
further I want to get one of these
working so we don't actually need the
ESC for right now but I'm not going to
unplug it cuz I don't really want to
so
just
power uh
data
clock
ground okay let's run this thing
again okay look at
that working as expected
okay that's
awesome
um so now what we need is we just
need one
pin not a purple we blue
okay um or we could have made it
white whatever this is going to go to
any of the pwm signals so we're going to
make this whatever at the bottom here
which I think is like 16 or 17 no it's
like
15 it say it's 20
okay yep
perfect uh and that's all we need oh I
guess we want a ground we want Common
Ground so that's
fine um so let's just uh do
that I think I may be like overly
obsessed with common ground but I feel
like everything needs to have the same
ground otherwise I just don't know
what's going
on um
so then yeah let's ground this
thing but then we just don't need the
power we just don't need VCC okay so
there we go we have data and ground and
then we have the encoder hooked up now
what we need to do is mess with the
power supply let's install this other
one I'm going to push this back a little
bit so we have a little bit more room to
work okay so now
plug this what's the next I squared
C thing oh wow we have a lot of I
squared C I wonder if the address is
hard Cod if the address is hardcoded
we're kind of screwed
right cuz I think that this
um oh
no well we only need one let's do a
let's yeah
we only really need one I mean that's
not true like that's definitely not true
but for right now we only need one so
this is on tight this is on tight sensor
is on tight and it's recording properly
now all we need to
do is hook up this 12volt power supply
so I need my
screwdriver
and take
out this
and I
believe let's
see there are three
four wait this must have come out or I
don't know what's going on there but so
let's
um screw this oops
actually we don't need to unscrew
that we actually want to keep that
one oh [__] what came out
anyways okay
we just need to take these out all right
so now this is free this is the
basically the stepper the stepper
control and the old DC motor control so
now we don't need this we're going to
take out the 12 volts from
here okay but what we do need is we need
this ground to come to here which means
that
yep so that means that ground is shared
in many ways because my
computer oh wait actually my
computer does not have a its power does
not have a third prong on it so that's
not tied to ground but this is going to
be tied to
ground this breadboard is tiedy ground
which is this and then this is going to
be directly hooked up to that so let's
just do that
uh so we need one of
these so this is an xt60 connector uh I
they are able to handle very high
current
so pretty
cool um
twist it twist it twist it twist it
twist
it okay we're only going to do one for
now and then I'm going to hook this up
to a kilowatt and we can just see cuz
yesterday oh yeah and I I need to mount
this actually I need to go find a piece
of wood and mount this to something
heavy because I cannot I it's scary
holding this thing I mean it's literally
about to take flight it's going to like
lift off into the air if these were
propellers as opposed to
um Okay so now this needs to go into
Cal okay so now we
have
um okay so now we should be able to
power this thing on so let's um
that's so annoying though I didn't
realize about the fixed
address I think there's also a way of
getting the
magnitude okay so I'm going to go look
for a piece of wood and then
like I don't know how we're going to do
this
could bolt it down but then it's not
going to lie flat I could just
counterbore
that well for right now speed 20%
throttle is like not that
bad so what I'm going to do is first
we're going to we're going to close this
because I'm pretty sure that this is
identical to
what okay oh jeez okay so I'm pretty
sure that this
is
right so wait so now we need to
do so we're not going to run that
because that's too much for me but we
are going to run
is BL DC and then this yeah so we're
going to run this we're going to enable
micro
Pico we're going to do
connect okay then we're going to run
this
code okay so now set throttle is defined
so if I do set throttle it's a function
but the problem
is pin 15 is that right that is right
huh okay
sweet so all we
need is so power's hooked up grounds are
hooked up magnetic encoder is hooked up
we just need to plug in this and I'm
want to plug it in with a
kilowatt
okay okay and then we have this surge
strip
so we have a kill
switch in case anything goes a little
Haywire but I don't think anything
should go Haywire so we're going to turn
this
on okay the power oh and we're getting
our beep which is great so now we want
to do set
throttle of
20 okay something's wrong
say d
power so um
[Music]
so then what was going wrong with just a
normal set throttle
oh wait oh wait isn't there that weird
reset thing okay we're going to
reset yeah we have to wait for the stop
we're going to comment all this
out okay cool we're going to do our soft
reset done now we run this now this is
going to
be esc2 is a
thing and set throttle
thle whoa
okay
interesting okay now we want to
[Music]
run um
okay that's pretty slow so now we want
to
run
this is it just this
we need to uh
okay so why isn't this working
I forgot to respond to that
guy
yesc isn't defined that's
okay okay
interrupted there's just no way that I
could have burned this thing out it's
connected to 3 volts so let's run this
thing you've got to be you kidding
me did I really burn this thing
out is it from it
touching can't
tell I can't tell if it's touching it
no it's definitely
not so then what is going wrong why did
this stop working when I installed this
thing if I turn off the power
supply I reset this
thing run
this oh what
I'm so confused all right what if I I'm
going to
unplug all four of
these I'm going to try the other
one I really hope I didn't burn this out
man so I already did that to two of them
it's ground
volts
clock and
data let's try it
again okay so that's actually a good
sign to
me but I don't know why
what what does that actually
mean wait let's just try to unplug
everything else
from okay now we're back to what we had
like a minute
ago I'm like positive the pin out is
Right
six is
data seven is clock
bro I'm so confused what the
hell wait let's just try a different
address for right now maybe I don't
think that's going to help though so we
go down to what is it
uh 11 and 12
so this is going to
be 8 and
N now we run this yeah so
okay
let me I'm just going to
close please
work what is that
those are these are my last two
I what does eio
mean oh this
wait wait what's pyb this seems
old delay after right
wait but it fails on get and
reg maybe it's because this needs
to I don't think so though for
oh yeah you're not going to be able to
get that um
let's make sure that the we're actually
getting 3 volts cuz maybe this thing
isn't powered but that wouldn't make any
sense so that means I need to go get a
freaking volt meter
um I just don't really get what changed
it's really
annoying for
okay
volts 3.3
volts for
do we have
um wait so that's actually a good thing
it sees the device
no way wait no but I just tried that
one okay 15 and 14
what data
14 am I
crazy fine let's try 16 and 17
okay I don't think it's that because it
was working
wait did I change that frequency thing
cuz my frequency is really
high freak equals 40,000
for
so what's going on in this
code for
say
scan to me is this a thing
what
oh
for for
but we should definitely be using this
instead of just read from but who cares
knack for
is a
56 or I think it's
for for
is that
pasting just doesn't
work okay that's a good idea
oh that's weird dude why didn't I try
that sometimes I'm just so
dumb okay so let's
switch wait and if I run it again does
it start
failing yeah there's something weird
there okay Power cycling
that was what did
it okay so wait let's reset it and we're
going to run it again
okay okay so now I'm going to unplug
this
one I'm plug back in the other
one
power
ground we're going to go back to the
other addresses because now I know that
there's just something weird about
resetting the device
okay so we're going to go back to
um was it five and four and we're going
to run and then now we get eio so now
I'm going
to okay great so
now wait if I run it again
it stops
working so what I want to
do is copy
this comment all that
out paste this in
here oh wait let's um
um okay so we're going to take
this okay but we're going to comment
this
out we're just going to do set throttle
of 20 then we're going to go here we're
going to copy this put this code in here
move this stuff to the top
okay
wait oh okay
okay I'm just going to do this
again
okay um
what the hell is a Time
Tuple okay I don't
care okay so we're going to turn on the
power
supply oh wait nothing's been hooked
up oh yeah everything's been hooked up
what am I am I talking
about
okay except for this which is the what
pin are we we're doing that on
okay what happens do we have to like
wait or something
just going to disconnect it connect it
up
again but we turn this thing on
now it's ready to
go I'm I unplug
this plug it in now we're going to
wait that's
interesting why does it still say it's
running though
no
way what the
hell bro how did that fall off
is
this is why I don't don't mess with any
of this offbrand nonsense I mean it's
like
completely all the prints are totally do
at
this just
terrible I rarely have a problem with
the freaking good
filament okay so this is still ready to
print
a that sucks that just me back so
much
okay so now we're going to do
connect now we're going to run this
thing
so why is
that okay we're
GNA okay so now it's
ready now we're just going to
run we're going to comment this out wait
no not this we're going to
comment this
out we're going to run this file then
we're going to set
throttle
20 yeah so why is this
happening if I just do
okay wait
let's
Okay power supply
on oh you know what
I know
why it's
because it's because we have a floating
ground
here yeah I took this off to sample the
um okay this this will definitely fix
it yeah you need a common ground bro why
is it always grounding issues it's
always you just got to stay grounded bro
you just got to stay
grounded okay
so wait we going
to beep okay slow beep now we
run no
dude
what what could it
be I mean this thing was just freaking
working
man okay wait let's just make sure that
this is still working just cuz I'm so
paranoid
now sick
okay everything is off we unplug
this going turn on the power supply
I'm going to plug this in it should
start beeping
slowly but it's
not okay
good but it's not
that's no
good that's
new for
okay this is really
really I must be doing something so
obviously
[Music]
stupid fantastic
if I close this I probably get it
probably
releases
nice please work man
[Music]
yeah so for some reason you can't
started at
20 okay but now we want to run
this oh h
okay so I don't really know what
changeed to be honest so we need to
um so we need to set throttle to 30
sleep for a
second then set throttle to uh 20 so it
needs to ramp down uh and then so we
okay all right what do I do what the
hell do I do
I unplug this power it off power the
thing
on please give me slow beep slow beep
nice okay we have slow
beep now we run
this I don't understand what what
changed maybe I have to sleep after I do
this
I don't really know okay so we got slow
beep okay that I don't understand like
why is it
okay let's just make sure that we can
reliably
whoa okay
so let's just see if we can
reliably
get yeah what I don't understand is what
does this file do
I mean it defines the thing and then it
just immediately sets the
throttle so this so okay if I do this
and just run this
script this fails
right oh my God this is driving me
insane I don't really understand okay
everything is turned off so now I'm
going to all right I'm going to plug in
the micro the
Pico then I'm going to turn
on the power
supply we get our slow beep
and then I'm going to comment this out
and I'm going to run this file then I
set
throttle to
30 that's so bizarre I feel like if I do
that in if I do that in
th okay so wait uh
I want
th do I have to close
this okay just for my sanity I feel like
there's something weird going on so I'm
going to plug in the Pico
go over to
th click
stop and now we're we're in here now I'm
going to turn on this
thing and of course control comma
doesn't do anything so I'm just going to
delete
this this editor sucks
man okay so I'm just going to run this
code no okay we get the same thing which
is actually nice
okay let me actually read the freaking
documentation for this
thing
e203950
no that's just
the fly color
Maybe AliExpress has the
um
[Music]
documentation this manual sucks this is
what I got but um at least we found that
so I'm going to add that
to
the part docks
okay so
uh what does that mean you need to
calibrate throttle
range oh you know
what what if I try okay wait turn on the
transmitter move the throttle stick to
the bottom position connect the
ESC
okay connect ESC with battery and wait
for two seconds okay so we're going to
okay so we're going to
um okay so I want to do a because that
would be the only difference is that
this
code um since it starts at throttle zero
it it basically is this
normal because it waits for two seconds
dude that's a crazy coincidence wait for
one second it means no
break okay so let's just try this um so
we're going to do set throttle to zero
sleep for 3 seconds then we're going to
set it to uh 20 or let's do 30 Okay so
wait I'm going to actually comment this
out and I'm just going to run this so
we're going to we're going to stop okay
we're going to run
this every time bro I'm addicted to
these
thots uh okay so now it's running it's
run this code I'm going to turn this
on okay
beep
beep when motor emits a long tone it
means Brak is
available ESC is ready for working now
so now I should just be able to say set
throttle to
20 okay so it is probably working but
it's too
[Music]
low okay all right wow that was a crazy
bugging
thing okay so
awesome that was very satisfying for
me so wait so let's open up vs code
again okay so in
here in angle with throttle all we need
to
do is first we set this to zero and we
sleep for 3 seconds then we set this to
25 and then we set this to 20 after a
second and we actually I wonder if we
can go lower let's see if we can go to
10 okay so all right I think we're
ready
um I'm going to
copy
this into
this okay so we're going to run this and
then we're going to run this one because
I don't I want to I want to turn on the
power supply at the right
time uh okay so we're going to run this
code so we're going to do a
connect what oh
yeah okay so we're connected now we're
going to run this file the power supply
off we going to run
it now we turn this on it should go beep
beep beep and then beep
beep hey awesome and then the next thing
we need to do is just
run
[Music]
um uh okay let's do
um okay so this is going to
be this
code so we're going to just run
this okay so 10 is too low let's set it
to
15 we can now
I think 20 I think it's it could be a
a okay now we are finally
ready it does seem like it'll be able to
cuz it's getting okay so let's uh turn
this
off and then let's oh wait uh we have to
go to the top of this before it was
turning off okay so let's see this CR
Crossing we want this to be 355
to0 so let's do this to here so we're
going to copy
this okay so we had 26
samples per Revolution so wait now I
want to read the
RPM code
okay so this is all the same
stuff initialize previous angle previous
time wait you can't you can't do this
that's not going to work okay so you get
the
angle and you get the
time takes
diff is this an official function
no way that's a oh it is is that a real
thing
um let's read some
documentation micro python
time so uh ticks
diff okay sick that's
awesome I wonder if you could actually
select micro Python and get that but I'm
not going to worry about that for right
now okay so
then okay then Delta
angle oh it's going from okay that's
wait I don't think that's going to work
right let's try it let's try it so what
we're going to do is we are going to
do this then this and then rpm. pi and
then we just need to make sure that
these pins are right which they are
so we're going to run
this okay we're going to turn this on
beep oh wait no okay we need to
disconnect
okay
um okay
run hello okay there we go now we
go perfect now we need to run
this okay now we need to run
this divide by zero
H wait can't I just do ticks and
S if you need higher Precision absolute
use oh time NS what's the difference
between tix NS and time
NS oh yeah no we want tix NS okay so or
us there's no way that that's going to
be okay so we need to do this all over
again so we uh
um
unplug plug it back in run this
code and let's just uh to save myself
some time we're just going to run this
turn on oh oh wait yeah turn on this
power no
wait I think we can just do this
okay
a lot of variants in this thing
but we we want to do um there's a number
of things that we want to do first off
we want to make this a
buffer read from into because that will
save plus I think that this is
allocating this um
so
wait
presumably okay we should probably do
the test so let me add to my to-do
list
um as a sub thing is that um
is
um
oh uh test if
um I can sample faster with
Arduino because if Loops in micro python
just The Interpreter speed is the
bottleneck there there then that might
be no
good for
okay so what do we want to do is I mean
let's just take these whole
readings
oops I'm going copy this into
okay we're going to just parse this
um I'm just going to use
Julia okay
uh for
wait wait
what oh it's
so what a terrible error message
dude I mean I get that this is like how
Julia works but
okay okay
um do we have a stats base thing to
just what the
hell wait this is rpm so divide by
60 50 times a second
okay so let's
um let's uh run this and we're going to
do uh let's do
40% I don't know if it's going to be
linear let's do
30% we're going to uh clear all this or
I think it should be cleared if I do
this okay well we'll just make it run
for
okay so we're going
to we can just turn this on we can just
run this
[Music]
oh [__]
wait oh no okay my data is all
[__] for some reason I can't stop this
thing okay what I got to do is I got to
unplug it
let's see do we get any samples probably
not right yeah it fills up super fast
actually I forgot I need to be wearing
safety
goggles in case this thing
explodes okay so let's just do the test
again this thing goes so fast though um
okay so what we got to do is we got to
plug this
in run this code well you can turn on
the power
supply oh wait what happened
for some reason this thing does this I
don't get why
it yeah it's not going to work until I
do
this
okay now we run we turn on this and we
run this thing oh wait I want to bolt
this down so I don't have to hold
it so let me go look for some something
to do that
with for
found this thing this thing might be
good the only issue is now we got to
uh
oops we got to
um move
everything bro I just got a comment on
YouTube why do you remind me of Michael
re bro that's actually such a nice
compliment Michael re is such a goat
that like I feel like oh yeah so we're
going to need the USB to
um come over here that's okay I think
it'll work so first let disconnect
this and then let's bring all three of
these
[Music]
things out and over
here okay so now we're going to need a
bolt this thing
down that it's not a
risk I feel like I could just use uh
self-tapping
screws as opposed to a
bolt because if it's embedded in the
wood then it's going to hold it down so
I'm just going to get a screwdriver and
some uh normal wood screws or
whatever and
then yeah I'm just going to do
that
for for
okay so what I got is
um this a
[Music]
screwdriver you even see the platform
whatever
um we're just going to do this
but this bit doesn't
work
um yeah this is a bad bit I need to get
um for
okay so we got a bunch of bits
okay much
better oh yeah that's not going anywhere
man
um whatever two is good
enough yeah this thing is going to be
fine okay so that's great that's huge
Improvement to my quality of life
so now
okay so uh let's keep freaking going so
now we just got to get this USB
[Music]
cable switch
these switch this into
this oh yeah we are going to be
disconnecting and connecting this thing
a whole bunch of
times so it's good that it's going to be
over
here
that okay is the power supply
on oh my goggles
okay
beep all right
um where we at with this so now what are
we testing now that it's it's bolted
down oh yeah we're running this okay so
we're running this
code and it's going
to turn
on Okay I absolutely lied we are
definitely going to need to uh
take and screw it all down
the vibration is
insane okay so we just pop that bad boy
off where's my screwdriver
okay
okay should be better
now you are better now better
now what song is
that oh yeah it's post
Malone I like post Malone man
not around not
around
everything oh wait
where
[Music]
okay so if we look at this
um so if we look at these readings the
RPM is fluctuating between
20,000 you know it's all over the place
actually if we probably parsed and took
them let's just do
that and we go to uh RPM what is this
30% okay
um that's probably enough samples if we
were to do
this
[Music]
um well whatever okay if we were to do
if you were to take the mean of
this is
lower it's closer to zero than the other
one which means to
me
um
that maybe we need to be a little bit
smarter I'm going to run this code and
see
I
mean because let's say two readings two
subsequent readings both give zero you
really don't know if it went all the way
around it didn't move at all or it moved
more than once so you you definitely
need more than one sample per
Revolution and I feel like there's
uh I I think that's related to that like
nightquest sampling limit or
something but
um um so what we're going to do is we're
going to run this again turn on the
power supply wait we probably have to do
yeah we probably have to do this
okay then we run this this
on and then we run this
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah
e
e e
oh my God bro why do I always forget to
mute or unmute I'm so dumb I just like
such a good explanation of all this
stuff
whatever um so what do we want to look
up we want to look up
um we want to ask
um I need to do this reading from
the as fast as possible because the
motors that I'm sensing the RPM from is
going
to
be pretty
high
um is there any reason to expect that if
I moved from micropython to
Arduino uh that I would see a uh
significant speed increase
no that sleep is what an
idiot that is the
default oh wait why is
that dude the the transcription is so
stupid for
what is Viper
this doesn't
even oh yeah wait we forgot to do that
okay wait hold on so it's to it's to
um it's two bites
so um
so wait let's go to the i2c micro
python read from into Adder
buff okay wait uh so we need to
okay so
uh so the first thing
is yeah I mean I don't mind just writing
the assembly code that that seems fine
actually okay so first off can you help
me adapt this code uh into something
that tells me how many samples a second
I can uh
get wait read from
into oh oh it's going to okay so you
don't have to provide an N okay that's
cool
okay all right so
um and remember we're all we're doing
this is this going to work
I think I might have to restart
it yeah okay that's okay
[Music]
2600 samples per
second that's low that's low right
because if we're moving
at wait no wait that's not
right
seriously that means we could go crazy
high RPMs that doesn't sound right let
me switch this to instead of a buff
we're going to do this uh other this
slow thing
we're just going to do this read
from no see that's
not wait but oh but we're printing them
dude that's
why okay what what happens if we try to
sample
this this is going to slow it down
significantly it's all it's all I
bound yeah I mean that's definitely
making it slower so what do we need to
do
then
um is we need an online
algorithm
basically it needs to run live
okay uh so all right so what do we need
to do then that means that we need
to um
we want a running
algorithm that remembers its last and
it's
current I think that's what the RPM does
so wait maybe we can just modify RPM to
um I mean we didn't see any change but
you know
wait what was the uh I I'm so bad at
this
uh yeah you just read into the
buff cuz then that mutates
it so what do we doing we're going to
the RPM file we have a buff we read into
the buff we don't need this doesn't
return anything we just return the buff
we don't need n but
whatever
um okay so we don't print
this uh
will this work I actually have no
idea adjust angle for wrap
around well let's just run
it for
oh I can't interrupt it I think it's
just some of the bu
[__]
okay that's
fast samples is that true dude I feel
like there's no way I'm sampling that
fast 2,000 times a
second okay let's just do some Mental
Math if let's say it's moving at 10,000
RPM okay
um all right
10,000 this is how many times a second
it's going so
if so
um so that means times 360 this is how
many degrees per
second
okay now if we're
doing wait hold on I need a pen and
paper I'm going to go get my
notebook
e
for
e e
for for
damn I stay taking fat L's man look at
what was inside my
printer oh
God I don't know what I'm going to do
man that was with the good filament
too there's got to be something weird in
the and then and then
up oh
God
[__] that's such a fat L
dude all right so we just want to
calculate the
um what we want to calculate is um my
pen is
basically
um samples per second is equal to
2600 okay and if
the
um RPS is equal to
166 then that means that the um samples
per Revolution is equal
to so then we should get 2600 over 166
15 samples is equal to 15 samples a
second wait that actually checks out or
wait no sorry per Revolution because if
we go to food. txt when we
counted what was it it was like
um wait was this the slow part of it
oh wait no we just SED this is
26 and that was at um way less than
10,000
RPM Okay so
so that's sort of
the
oh hilarious
whoa so we should actually if the 2600
samples a second is legit then 52,000
should
be the revolutions per minute that we're
sort of capped out if we're take if we
want three samples per
Revolution Let's see I want to
ask how many samples per
Revolution should I
[Music]
need to get
an accurate estimation of
RPM the number of samples
20 so
what 260 *
okay okay
oh man I'm so bummed about this freaking
printer
it wasn't even extruding when
I was watching
it add some
[Music]
water okay we'll get back to testing
um 10
per okay
so all right so we need to uh
run RPM but we want to we want to
rewrite it so
that
okay the um
but was that giving me negative
readings shouldn't matter
oh
yeah I mean we are sort of pretty
frequently getting this 2600 number
which is nice I mean that's good that
means we should be able to go up to RPM
detection of
well
10,000 okay let's turn on the power
supply let's run this
code oh is that going to
work no yeah probably not
ready
but that's based on one
reading oh wait this is also
wrong for
this printer thing is going to be a
cloud over my
head whatever there's lots of problems
so we're just going to have to move
forward wait why is it six
oh okay
this number was super
off okay
[Music]
m
e e
okay
so this is clearly
wrong
um for
yeah okay that makes sense so you you
get the angle you get the time and you
store it in the uh the buffer basically
I don't really get why
it's
this is this not going to
work
hello okay
what the
hell wait that's not that's not a good
sign
for for
okay [__] whatever
okay
oh oh that's so
weird bro I didn't know about that
that's such a goofy syntax the list 0
time three makes a list of three zeros
who who what that's so silly but fine
okay then you
so this is a B minus a
thing so okay so let's say you have uh
340 or you have 20 and comma 340 as the
two readings
uh so then you're get 340 minus
320 cuz this is going the wrong way sort
of
if we just do this it might
work cuz now we get 20 - 340 is equal to
-
320 no can I just do write my own diff
function this is so stupid
okay I know this is kind of goofy but if
no no no if angle oh yeah yeah if this
is greater
than then
um wait uh is it
just because of the way it's spinning
right
um cuz it's counting
down so if it's counting
down it goes like 80 to
then you
want yeah so this is right so let's try
to run this again so we're going to do
this
run this code turn this
on
okay then we're going to run
this now that seems like good
readings that seems like pretty accurate
reading so it's about 3200 RPM so let's
just do the calculation that
um e
okay so we're going to do this to
25 and basically we just want to see if
there's a we need to do some real
statistics I I didn't actually oh I
didn't copy that thing and it's oh wait
here we go so this is at 20% these are
the readings for 20% let's just get them
all
RPM
20% oh really wait what were we getting
before all right so this is a lot
smoother um
and this was all total garbage so uh we
want to just do this thing again right
we want to run
[Music]
there's no way this thing is going at
20,000
RPM I don't even think it's going at
10,000 RPM
the variance is a lot
higher let's just copy the readings and
start to
um I mean I just don't believe this
number for
wait
H 50 versus 2,000
the standard deviation is 20 times
more what if we what if we go even
slower what if we go to 21%
okay
oh yeah I messed this up
[Music]
[__] for
okay wait so let me just write down
those
readings oh wait
okay okay soon we're going toite after
this we're going to write a code that
uh that actually just starts um well
writing it to a file will
[Music]
be oh why is it why does it start doing
this for
[Music]
all I mean it maybe it is really moving
at 10,000 RPM I think it's just once it
gets to that
level it just it's just unreliable
at least we we're starting to get some
data so let's uh
I mean it does seem like I mean 3,000
4,000 then
5,000 um okay so wait let me just uh
let's just do some fun
map okay
so let's just say it's moving at 6,000
RPM for easy
numbers that means that o divide by
60 SEC one minute 60
seconds then we get 6,000 over 60 is 100
times a second 100 revolutions per
second now the diameter of the
flywheel I think is around 80 mm
so if so the so that means the
circumference of the
um the circumference of the fly wheel is
going to be 2 pi * 40 is going to be
equal to 80 Pi in millimet this is the
circumference so
now
um now we we want a meters per second
thing so if it's
moving uh instead of revolutions it's
going to be 200 Pi or wait we don't want
we don't want radians we want times
360 100 revolutions 7 360 we want
3600 no
36,000 de per second so 36,000 de per
second well we could do radians 200 Pi
per second is in
radians per second so
now
um for
okay I'm just going to
okay okay okay so if it takes
0.01 seconds for
revolution it takes 0.01 seconds per
Revolution then that means that it's
traveling 80 pi millim
in
0.01 seconds so that means that it's
going to be
8,000 Pi
Mill so that means 8 Pi m/
second 8 Pi what is 8
Pi 25 m/
second let me double check my work 25
meters per second
that's not that fast I was hoping for 50
man
okay if my
flywheel has a diam of 80 mm and
the
flywheel or and the shaft is
rotating
at 6,000 RPM
what is the tangential
velocity ha yes okay I'm not an idiot I
got it right I actually did math so it
is so it's moving at 20
so is that fast
I can't tell if that's fast let's hook
up the other one and then
um yeah I want to hook up the other one
and get this thing
popping I want to shoot this thing
now uh should
I all right we'll just do some tests I'm
going to get a camera so that I can yeah
I'll go get the camera uh maybe the one
from upstairs
oh I'm so pissed about my 3D printer
bro bamboo needs to send me a
carbon or no formlabs need to send me
some some uh a resin printer a form four
that's what I
want okay
um okay
I lost my little
mind
the can't you
see the a
[Music]
okay so this is going to be really
annoying because we
um we clamped this thing down I
shouldn't have done that let me just
take them
out yeah let me just take them out
Angel my baby my
Dar oh it's spinning in
there that's SM
good it's pretty stuck in there
that's perfect I'm just gonna get on the
ground and do
it oh this is gonna be a
nightmare nightmare nightmare
nightmare wait
oh no
it's yeah
okay Ang
okay now we just got to get the Vice on
there
oh now I need the Allen
wrench where the hell is the Allen
wrench over here
now we just got to um
[Music]
okay we're just going to do it from here
nice nice nice nice
okay
okay here I'll show you guys what it
looks like
give a second I'm going to go get a
camera
e for
we need to be higher up we need to be
like
here okay this will probably fall off of
how much on okay
so
um oh yeah and then
lol okay jeez my fat [__] body all
right so let's
um just put this
here for now
okay so what we need to do is we need to
take the second
ESC and we need to plug it into the
power
supply now I have my
connector for that
here so this connector goes into the
ESC I like how you can't mess up the
directionality that's that's quite nice
it's a good feature to
have okay now I need my
[Music]
screwdriver how did I F this up so much
let's just do this
okay
um okay um
screwdriver let's make sure that we get
the wires somewhat
neat okay it's just not going to be
neat let's plug these in so um I'm
pretty sure it's 10 and 11 for the
pinout so pin out pin
out eight is data eight is um
but we can just use N9 and
nine
plus
minus okay so now the
uh oh wait but we we don't want to
actually we're not even going to use
that I'll plug I'll keep it plugged in
but we're not going to use that
because I think that you can't because
the iqu C address is
fixed I mean I don't really know the
protocol but I think that there's
something there that you can only use
one of
them
um but in any case we need now the
signal we need another pwm signal so
we'll use 14 for that um and we'll make
it
um we'll make it blue as
well oh
shees okay
so oh and we need a
ground okay so this is going to go
to wait let me check my stream preview
to see if you can actually
see
okay
here and then
we just need
ground okay
[Music]
gra
ground okay so that's all hooked up now
we just need to hook up the power
supply make sure it's
off yeah
okay flip this thing up unscrew this
[Music]
okay
sweet and then the last melon
okay that should be
good so everything is wired
up oh except for this fell out
okay so what we're going to do is we're
going
to
um go to the
code be able to
see and we are going to
enable
oops two of
these and
um we're just going to
have them set to the same
thing for
now so then and let's get it down to
20 and we're going to try to turn this
thing
on so we are going to turn on the power
supply oh
wait no yeah for
[Music]
okay now are they spinning in opposite
directions
okay I'm going to go get more balls
[Music]
okay I got this and I think I'm ready to
record the
clip I'm pretty sure we have room to
bring this out
to
here let's see how's the stream
look
okay that didn't seem too
bad then I'm going to record one with my
[Music]
phone and um put on a shirt
all right get my phone out
[Music]
okay all right so uh let's do this
thing all right we want to uh we turn
off the power
supply uh we just need to unplug the
microcontroller plug it back in and
we're going to start off with 30% power
because why are we alive if not to do
high power [__] but I also okay so wait
so I'm going to I'm going to turn on the
power supply going to click run
okay now the current
draw the current draw is only one app
[Music]
it's not that good of a video we need to
I need to mount
it for
e
w
for
for for
okay wait where did I put the freaking
goggles
okay um I'm going to disconnect I want
to see what the current draw
is so I'm going to do a
um let's see I'm going to do the uh
throttle
example so where's the throttle
example oh that's this all right so
we're going to turn this off we're going
to turn this on
and we're I'm just going to watch the
current draw
[Music]
all
whoa Okay so
[Music]
um honestly the uh I'm kind of
disappointed like I don't know what
changed but when I used the variable
power supply that I have um inside I was
able to draw 5 amps but if I run this
code H I don't know why it does
this I have to like turn off the power
supply I had a kill this program and
unplug this thing plug it back
in okay
[Music]
okay
well two amps okay I don't even know
what the rpm should
be uh but all right let's do a
test I really want some good footage
though um e
I have a feeling this box is going to
fall off
what the
hell my vs code is being weird
bro
okay
connect okay sick now we can comment
out
this turn this on set this baby to 100
um and let's freaking run this
thing oh my
[Music]
God it's got to ramp up it's got to ramp
up
do it again
[Music]
a
so one of them's stalled I don't know
why one of them
stalled maybe I just can't run it that
hot I mean they're getting warm I don't
know if I need to cool them
okay let's re-evaluate my to-do
list fix 3D
printer oh wait this is not
done okay this is
um
[Music]
done uh
just to document
um okay so
um Mount the flight we did
that design the feeder yeah we need to
do that
okay should I do OBS teleport stuff
that'd be fun get my mind off this I
might make some
lunch maybe we can start playing with
some paint that'd be
fun this paint is going to get
everywhere
though a
go
the next thing the next thing that I
want to do kind of
is well the feeder is really important
but I want to
know for a given compression
distance between the
flywheels how
uh how far does it go
like like okay you're looking at this
you want
to okay so you looking at the flywheel
like
this and you see how it sticks in there
kind
of so the amount of compression that
needs to happen to launch this guy
through right now it's 5 mm actually
this doesn't even look like 5 mm
though maybe it
is anyways at some point I want to
actually get it sensor that lets me
[Music]
um that lets me uh
model based on how much compression how
much force push back how much force is
required for a given distance of
compression cuz then I can model the
spring accurately and start to uh do
more physics on like what the optimal
compression amount is oh look at how I
sit
let's turn this camera off I don't like
to see that that's dis
disgusting oh God big back
[__]
for
e
for e
[__] bro
okay the reality is this thing is just
sus to use man like it's so loud and
it's
like I mean it's
still still on there pretty strong so I
think our max power shouldn't be
um but I would say it's reasonable that
we're getting somewhere in the realm of
10,000
RPM I if those if those readings are
accurate if my readings of using the
um magnetic sensor to to uh determine
RPM so uh
10,000 over
60 yeah right is
166 so that's per second so in meters
per second we um
okay so that's 40 me 40 m/
second so let's say that something is
let's just do some basic
physics do I have a paint
okay so let's say the ball is going this
way
at 40 m a
second oh that's a race okay uh and the
height
is let's say it's at
um say it's at 1 meter
Jesus the Eraser needs to be bigger than
the oh is that this
so then basically we want to know what
is the time that it takes for a ball to
travel well we want to
know we want to oh oh that's
undo oh that's
weird so we want to know this distance
okay so um let me just now that we've
defined the problem let me just this is
the classic physics problem so so its
initial velocity V 0 is equal to just
uh in the X direction is 40 m a
second uh v0 Y is equal to 0 m a second
or uh yeah that's true but its
acceleration is - 9.8
um okay so we want to find T
bro I forgot all this I'm G to I'm going
to sh
yout help if a ball is launched
horse at 40 m a
second with no and height of 1
M how long and no
vertical uh velocity how long will it
take to hit the
ground okay so yeah so the equation for
the height of Y is equal to Y is equal
to the zero plus
12 wait
oh there's the one this is sort of
buried in there but there's the
one so end up being the square root of
okay so
now now we want to know the
horizontal distance traveled in
M okay I think we should hop into CAD
then we've done some math I'm going to
go get a
snack
um
for
e for
oh
yeah
for
for e
oh e
all right yeah I'm going to make some
food and then we're going to tackle this
bull crap of we're going to finally make
a
feeder the problem is I got to fix this
printer dude I can't
believe print issues is just like the
thing you want the you just want the
least I just I'm so sick of it
uh oh
yeah e
he I'm going to get some
food
for
e
for for
okay I'm finally
back with some food
okay I need to get better with
[Music]
my I'mma go from RS to riches Better B
I'm my PO when I'm down keep your eye on
me around I don't want this [__] to fall
to the ground
yeah diamonds yeah they dancing on your
bit hey
rainbow I don't know what it is I don't
know what the words
are all right every little thing
[Music]
inside
for for
what the hell
all
right
for for
dude I want an FOC controller so bad
[Music]
my tools my tools I need my tools
what the hell are you
[Applause]
doing dude what's all that stuff you're
grabbing tools tools duct tape zip ties
and gloves have to have my
tools why do you have a bunch of like
weird Tools in a hidden compartment in
your car that that is [__] I like to
bind I like to be bound I don't those
are important don't ask me questions I'm
not taking questions the golden is not
taking questions I am the
golden holy [__] dude this show is
actually so funny taking action I got to
go I
got whoa whoa whoa wait a second Dennis
wait a second
I think we can help you dude yeah yeah
we can help each other we both want the
same
thing
Revenge you're going to be our new
psychop Pete pal and guess what the
freight trains back in service let's get
nuts in this school let's go crazy all
right come on let's get some Revenge
here trains coming out watch out train
that train's coming
dude that is so [__] funny
man imagine being like
oh I got copyrighted dude come on
oh okay no I'm good
I might end the stream and just go try
to fix the printer and then set up OBS
teleport off stream because I I don't
think you can install a plugin while
it's open I think you have to restart
it for
oh
wow
for
for for
I'm eating noodles
yeah what's going on Natasha
what you up
to Coffee a holic bro I'm so addicted to
coffee right now IC coffee in the
summertime crazy
bro my tools I need to have my tools
oh
jeez it's do
great find some interesting stream here
I'll show you something cool actually um
let's see so here's what I've been
working on so this is the
electronics these spin really fast in
opposite directions this is the electron
this is the computer and that's the
power
supply then I
have this
which uh is a bunch of Nerf Nerf rounds
you stick
one you stick one of them in here and it
shoots out the other the other side and
um it
uh according to my calculations it
should be going the ball should travel
at about 40 m/ second which is like
decently fast it's not like super fast
like let's see what what what's a gun's
velocity let's let's see various
different guns uh bullet velocity in
Meers per second table let's just see
what cuz these are all going to be
really okay so a gun is
going damn that's
insane 1,000 m a second that's actually
insane if you think about it 1,000 m a
second is so fast that's like half a
mile in a
second wow I didn't realize that so yeah
so it would be right okay yeah air
rifles BB gun Nerf gun right so we're
sort of in the lowest end of this
Zone
um at 40
so we're sort of faster than a Nerf gun
slower than a paintball
gun it would be cool to use compressed
air cuz I feel like compressed air you
probably compressed air is probably more
efficient
yeah anyway so the next step is to um
design something let me see if I have it
open actually so I was trying to work on
this design where I have like a um this
thing is going to have like an
attachment to it then there's going to
be Nerf balls like in this Channel and
then I'm going to sweep them
up into here and then this is where the
flywheels will be um but this is like a
new design and honestly I'm not that
mechanically inclined so it's very hard
for me to visualize how all the things
are going to fit
together
um but this is the Hope is that cuz what
I need is some mechanism
to take the bullets and one by one fire
them at a specific
time do I have a stream daily no I don't
really have a schedule I'm trying to
stream most
days pretty much the thing is I found
like trying to stream every day is a
little bit too much because some days I
just need to do something
like I mean ideally I stream everything
but I don't think it's like going to
work out that way I think I'll probably
stream try to stream like four or five
times a week I mean yeah something like
that um let's see how does a paintball
going to
work I've seen this video
but okay wait so is this an automatic
one this is my airam it launches all
kinds of things apples hot dogs and
potatoes through watermelons to name a
few it can be operated using a blow gun
or a solenoid valve and filled using an
air compressor or a high press bike
tunel
pause the video to look everything over
and I'll leave links to all the parts in
the description
one sprinkler
valve the video to look everything over
and I'll leave links to all the parts in
the
description JB Weld pressure gauge blow
gun
40c I could probably make here is
designed for transporting water not
pressurized air I'm assuming my own
risks here as you need to do is as well
stay safe first take your 2-in pipe and
cut pieces for the
barrel
um but if you want to get you is that
true I have to stream every
day my my thing is that though I upload
all these videos to YouTube so I get
stats from YouTube and then I post Clips
on all the things so
dang I mean why is that why do I have to
stream every day like isn't isn't
affiliate just
um I thought affiliate was just like you
need like a certain number of followers
and a certain number of watch time
let me look it
up yeah you just need to
stream no this is within a
month yeah you need to maintain an
average thing of three viewers you need
to stream seven days in a
month and then total of eight hours and
have 50 followers
no no no that's by month there's no way
that they have you I'm almost positive
this is not
um yeah look look at this here disproven
okay stream on seven different days to
qualify for the you must simultaneously
meet all four requirements over a 30-day
period yeah that would be insane if it
was it it was 7 days a week for 30 days
no one's meeting
that yeah so you don't have to do it
daily you just have to do it seven times
a
month and I'm trying to do it five times
a week so I'm I'm pretty good
and air chamber you can experiment with
the sizing here my original Cannon has a
20-in barrel and a 30-in air chamber cut
two 2 and 1/2 in pieces from the 1in
pipe deur each of the cut ends with
sandpaper then Loosely assemble all the
PVC pieces as shown so you know how
they'll fit
together chamfer the end of the barrel
with a file or bench grinder to make it
easier to load potatoes and similar
objects
oh wow oh my God that's so cool make
sure your work area is well ventilated
and check the label on your cement for
the working and curing temperature
ranges if it's too cold the cement may
not cure properly working one joint at a
time Prime the two mating surfaces allow
the primer to dry then apply cement to
both surfaces and assemble the parts
rotate the joint as you do so then hold
the pieces firmly together for 30
seconds wipe away any excess cement and
repeat the process for each joint then
all PVC Parts aside to cure as the
cement cures we can prepare the
sprinkler valve remove the small plastic
knob as well as the solenoid unscrew and
remove the top piece which I'll call the
lid being careful of the spring inside
when doing so cut off the solenoid
cavity leaving about a/4 in of height on
the inside drill a 7/16 inch hole
straight down in the center of the lid
you can easily find the center on the
unders side of the lid use a small drill
bit at first and increase the size
several times to Ure the hole is
straight tap the hole being careful to
keep the tap straight up and down when
doing so turn the tap clockwise one and
a half turns then counterclockwise one
half turn repeating until the hole is
fully tapped npt Taps are tapered so
stop as soon as the fully threaded
section appears at the bottom of the
hole add three wraps of tlon tape to the
male npt coupler in a clockwise then
inst in the lid us
wrench what is he using for pressurized
air though the is compressed between the
diaphragm in the M npt coupler and screw
them firmly into the sprinkler valve the
valve has an arrow that shows the hold
on uh yeah I'm not really much of a
gamer sometimes I like to play Civ 5
I've never actually streamed playing
video games cuz I thought like so many
people play video games it's like what
am I really adding like I'm not that
good at video games so it's basically
you're just watching someone who sucks
suck but this is something that I'm
actually like okay at
so I
um yeah do you stream I didn't see it
but you have a profile it's crazy
because like like a real person I feel
like there's only one person one other
person that regularly comes to my stream
that's like a real
person my boy
olala he's the goat dude he's he's the
Og man he Tunes in he lives in
Poland okay let's see how he pressurizes
this
tank what did you stream
I never never played
it where are you based Natasha's a
Russian name I had a Russian roommate
and her name was Natasha
okay I'll come back in a second correct
flow Direction the arrow should point
away from the air chamber towards the
barrel on the air tank end cap Mark and
drill 7/16 in holes 90 apart for the
pressure gauge fill valve and the drain
valve be careful as you break through
the inner wall so you don't drill
through the opposite side note that the
sprinkler valve will face downward
during use make sure to arrange your
drill holes appropriately to keep the
fittings out of the way tap the holes
making sure to go just far enough for
the fittings to seat properly shake out
any loose chips then add three wraps of
tlon tape to the gauge and valves and
install them Orient the gauges display
backward so it can be easily during
filling add three wraps of tlon tape to
the exposed end of the male npt coupler
as well as the end of the blow gun add
the female npt coupler to the blow gun
then install both on the male coupler
point the blow gun towards the barrel
and your air cannon is complete without
loading a projectile fill the air
chamber to see if it has any leaks begin
with a low pressure such as 20 psi
checking each cemented and tape joint if
you hear a leak and are having trouble
determining which joint it's coming from
apply some soapy water and look for
bubbles if a cemented joint is leaking
depressurize the cannon cut off the
fitting and replace with a new one if a
tape joint is leaking de pressurize the
cannon unscrew the fitting replace the
tape and reinstall the fitting grab some
your protection then dry fire the cannon
by squeezing the handle work your way up
in 20 psi increments for safy the lowest
pressure rating with all my components
is0 PSI wow he uses a bike
pump FL oh you're in Florida yeah I'm in
California Florida and California are
kind of similar except you guys are you
guys have humid weather but it's like
also pretty nice here around at least
from what I
hear I've been to Florida like once or
twice but not
uh not like not like in my adult
life I have a couple friends from
Florida all right so he just used a bike
pump
the first step is to assemble your go
paintball marker your marker may have
additional pieces but the basic
components are the paintball marker the
barrel the paintball Hopper mounted on
top of the marker and the compressed air
tank mounted on the bottom of the
marker has a circuit board that controls
the rate of fire a trigger that
transmits to the circuit board the
solenoid that releases the air a
regor that controls the pressure of the
air that is used and the bolt that
controls the air flow to the
paintball when the air tank is connected
the marker moves the compressed air
propellant to a radio position in the
Solar
manifold as the trigger is pulled a
signal is sent through the circuit board
that controls the fire rate the circuit
board then sends a signal to the
solenoid that controls the air flow
throughout the
marker the solenoid releases the air to
move the bolt forward sealing the rear
of the barrel and releasing the
compressed air propellant through the
bolt behind the paintball where it
expands forcing wait but that's the
weird part is like
comess it presses it up
can I make the
cannon
um yeah I I could make the Canon but if
I was going to do it I'd want to put it
on a robot so that's sort of what this
this project is going to be is it's not
going to use compressed air but it's
going to be
um I don't have it with me but it's um I
have this little robot that turns like
this and it turns like this up and down
and left and right and so the fly wheels
are going to be mounted onto the th part
that turns and so it's going to be able
to aim at someone and shoot it so that's
that's the goal of this project and
that's probably going to
take a lot more time and the uh the
eventual goal of that project is I'm
going to have it paint a painting so
there's going to be something that
applies some sort of thin paint to each
of the balls and then shoots it at a
canvas to draw like something the first
thing is just going to be like a smiley
face but hopefully we can dial in the
settings and get it so that it actually
makes a pretty picture because I want to
make some art and I want to uh I want to
get it in a gallery I think that would
be
fun but I mean mainly I just want to get
it to work I don't know what image to
make so if you have an image that I
should like cuz the thing
is I I basically only have a resolution
of 100 pix by 100 pixels going any
higher than that
um would be very challenging so what
image is worth putting down that's 100
by 100
pixels propell through the bolt behind
the paintball where it expands forcing
the paintball out of the
marker after the paintball is fired the
CID resets readying more repellent and
attracting the bolt allowing another
paintball to Fe into
position in addition toting the bolt
after the paintball is fired the CED
resets readying more repellent and
retracting the bolt allowing another
paintball to feat into
position in addition to semi-auto the
Geo has ramping fire modes ramping
allows the marker to enter three round
burst or fully automatic fire modes
after a specific speed or pattern of
trigger pills in these modes the
paintball marker can cycle through each
tyep of firing 12 to 15 times per second
firing a paint ball each time
the goo also has an
easy I wish someone could take one of
these
apart oh
dude this guy is Major Sergeant private
major and I'm here to teach you about
physics and making a delicious pasta
sauce first things
first why doesn't this have more views I
need to let
you this is the r0 M4 launcher it
features a quad Barrel pneumatic design
with each air chamber capable of
handling up to 20 psi of pressure in
simple terms airG go
boom its Chief payload is Garden variety
Tomatoes however many other options are
also available bro cuz I was thinking
that's so funny that he
uh uh yeah I would love to just make
stuff
professionally uh see the thing about
this is I was thinking the YouTube title
for a video like this would be um at
least for the auto turret that I'm
building is
uh every time you make a mistake in
Guitar Hero get shot at with tomatoes so
you'd like be playing Guitar Hero and
then you make a mistake and uh you shoot
he shoots a tomato at you now you can
see at the end of the target range I've
mounted a pot to a board we're going to
use that to make the basis for our sauce
first you're going to want to get
yourself some nice juicy Tomatoes now
you might be thinking about
dice but here we're not about wasting
time knives take too long cleaning out
your blender complete nightmare instead
we're just going to take our Tomatoes
whole load them right into our launcher
and blast them into the
pot voila we've pulverized our tomatoes
in half a second we're making good time
next you're going to want to add some
flavor to do that we'll need some herbs
if you just load them in loose they're
going to fly out the end in a cloud of
seasoning shrapnel complete waste of
money we can't have that instead we're
going to make a sort of herb butter mix
it all together throw it in the
refrigerator for a couple minutes what
the
hell oh thanks that's nice of you yeah
you could uh you could sub to me on
YouTube that' be
great you sub to the VOD channel the
videos the the if you sub to
uh you sub to this uh you'll help me
out or on Tik Tok but do what you want
I'm not going to force you to do
anything our launcher and
is so
crazy dang I feel like fly wheels are so
much Lamer than compressed
air compressed ER really because
like what is the physics on like
is it this video reg to chronograph your
marker to the proper 300 ft per second
speed reg each
time the Geo also has an easy to adjust
regulator to chronograph your marker to
the proper 300 ft per second
speed did you say chronograph
I just want to see a bunch of
diagrams where's the hopper through the
marker at this point it is pressurized
and ready to fire the mark
okay hey guys Lord O here today we're
going over the basic operation of the
tippman A5 marker although the diagram
shows an A5 the information can be
applied to the X7 blowback 98 Custom and
US Army line of markers such as the
Alpha Black Project Salvo and Carver one
they may appear different on the outside
but on the inside the guts are almost
identical and you may often find that
the parts are interchangeable from
marker bunker depending on the model
some of you may already be familiar with
me's animation
where is it oh do I not have a Tik Tok
link hold on
um should be
uh should be this no what is my Tik Tok
hold on I got to mute this
thing it's probably going to show some
cringe ass
stuff oh yeah you have to put an app
before
it uh that's crazy that I haven't done
this
yet I thought I had all my links up to
date hopefully this is muted okay let me
just edit
this oh wait how do you
uh how do you edit this
though edit
panels wait
but
um how do I get
these okay well whatever
um wait I have
really oh wow wow
cool okay uh but I've painstakingly
converted it over to flash so that we
can get a better understanding of the
mechanics of the marker so let's begin
once a tank is connected to the ASA or
air source adapter air will enter into
the gas line and through the ASA plug
air now enters the tombstone where it is
funneled into a narrow channel prior to
entering the valve it goes through the
valve or ring and washer around the
valve spring and stops at the valve
plunger the plunger creates a seal
against the valve seat and prevents air
from continuing through the marker at
this point it is pressurized and ready
to fire the marker won't fire until the
rear bolt or Hammer is released by the
trigger the hammer weits under tension
by the compressed Drive
oh that's smart so you pull this trigger
this thing comes down this launches
forward pushes this plunger this plunger
opens up this thing huge thing of uh
huge rush of air comes through here
pushes this back into position which
clicks onto there pushes it down and
comes back so then that means that this
is stopped again and this is back so it
self writes itself but then where does
the air go of it but is held in place by
the trigger sear the dri spring pushes
on the hammer and in turn pushes on the
sear the operator squeezes the trigger
which rotates around the pin and lifts
the front of the sear the sear also
rotates around the pin until the lift of
it clears the hammer once that happens
multiple things happen
simultaneously the trigger sear is push
backwards by the Sears spring and is
reset where it waits for the hammer to
return the hammer is connected by a
linkage arm to the front bolt and the
entire assembly moves together in
unicent by means of the Drive Spring
pushing on the Hammer as it moves
forward the entire assembly builds up
momentum the front bolt is pushed
forward and in turn pushes the paintball
into the detent the dent folds downwards
out of the way and the paintball passes
through the barrel adapter into the bre
end of the barrel followed by the front
bolt at the same time the hammer enters
the power tube and the oing creates an
airtight seal the hammer then strikes
the valve pin on the valve plunger it
pushes the plunger forward and breaks
the seal inside the valve allowing the
air to escape air travels in two
different directions at this point
firstly it travels backwards into the
cavity created by the walls of the power
tube the face of the hammer and the face
of the valve this is referred to as a
blowback gas yeah this air builds up
pressure inside of this cavity and
combined with the valve spring begins to
reset the marker by driving the hammer
linkage arm and front bolt backwards yep
secondly the air splits into two halves
and turns 90 on both sides of the valve
what refer to this as the propell cast
The differentiate from the blowback gas
here the air yet again diverts into two
directions one way is through the side
of the marker where air powers the
Cyclone or response trigger both of
which operate on the propelling gas not
the blowback G that pushes back the
hammer the other way has the air turn
90 and channels it forward through four
grooves located side of the valve if you
have an older style A5 valve or a low
pressure kit valve there will be two
large grooves instead of four smaller
ones once past the tombstone the air
converges in a small pocket of the power
tube where is then funnel into the power
tube small extension which allows the
front bolt to slide back and forth the
air travels through the extension
through the front bolt and finally
pushes the paintball through the barrel
now the marker has fired and needs to
reset at this point the hammer continues
traveling backwards until the valve
plunger creates a seal against the valve
seat again cutting off air supp to the
marker once the hammer o-ring clears the
end of the power tube most of the gases
expelled throughout the back of the
marker come from this small C
the momentum of the hammer continues to
drive it backwards and compresses the
drive screen wow that's a really
well-tuned
thing what's my
passion
uh right now I love making stuff I love
uh I love mechanical design I love
building things um before I just did
software but now I want to do
electronics Hardware you know
manufacturing dealing with how things
actually get
made the hammer slides over the SE until
it SLS into the uncamp O ring it then
travels forward again until the SE so
how did the ball get back in until it
slams into the uncamp O-ring it then
travels forward again until the Seer
catches a hammer and resets the sear the
marker is now ready to fire again and
that's it this may seem like a complex
operation but if you open up your dgas
marker study the parts and move the
assembly back and forth he'll begin to
understand what's going on hopefully
when I made my coil gun video a couple
you guys didn't think it was big
enough okay
[Music]
I don't think that the I don't think
that this is going to be a viable
uh cuz I mean yeah I mean it needs to
shoot something non-metallic and and
light and soft
[Music]
this thing is sick though
40 m a
second yeah that's about what mine does
but his shoots a freaking metal
rod you're oh you're a digital
artist I'm not a big anime person um
but I do like video games let's see so I
like like old V like indie games like I
like faster than light I like Super Meat
Boy although I don't play it that
much um I mean I like Skyrim and all the
big RPGs I used to play a ton of Call of
Duty yeah I'll look at
it for
wait can you just join my Discord and
then I'll I'll add
you cuz I think my discord's linked
below the basic function of regulator is
to control
Rel and consistently you take the up
pressure you regulate it down to a
downam pressure which then provides the
system a consist flow for toer so
pressure regulator is used um in a lot
of different systems to control either
Downstream or Upstream pressure as other
things within the system change whether
that's flow demand or temperature or
usage of different components that are
somewhere else in the system the
regulator Works to maintain those
pressures whether it be Downstream or
Upstream as all of that
changes pressure regulators are built
with many different components there's
really three groups that drive pressure
regulator performance one is the control
element so that is the poppet and the
seat that controls how much pressure
drop happens between the high and low
pressure sides next is the loading
element most often a spring sometimes
can be a pressurized Dome of gas but
it's what the users interact with so as
we turn the handle One Way Or Another
We're compressing the spring or allowing
it to relax changing the forces inside
of the pressure regulator now the way
that the control element and the loading
element talk to each other or know what
position to be in is through the sensing
element so the sensing element is very
often a diaphragm or a piston it senses
what's happening Downstream how much
pressure there is and allows the poppet
to know just what position it needs to
be in to optimize
performance the key function of a
regulator is control pressure and that's
done by essentially a balance of forces
within the regulator so we apply a load
be that from spring or a diaphragm and a
dome with pressure inside the dome which
gives us downward Force the pressure
coming into the regulator um goes past a
small not in contact with the seat or
nearly in contact with the seat we have
a very fine Gap that fine Gap causes the
pressure above the puppet to be reduced
from the pressure below that pressure
above the puppet acts on a sensing
chamber a sensing element a diaphragm or
a piston is pushed up that balances the
force from the spring which is pushing
down when we reach the balance point of
those forces we get a state of
equilibrium and then the regulator is
working at its set
pressure I don't really get it to be
honest
[Music]
wow people love coil
guns oh wow it spins it that is pretty
crazy
yeah that's insane
man oh [__] have to sweep up the glass
wow cool I'll I'll check it out in a
minute I'm probably actually going to
end the
stream uh in a minute
here I'll follow you on
Instagram that's cool you want to be an
artist
I think we have somewhat similar
aspirations okay I just uh I just
um okay so what do I have to do bro I
got to fix my 3D printer it's broken
right now this is going to be a pain in
the butt all right Natasha very nice to
meet you I'm going to run